Added validation info to documentation for ssm contacts (#32813)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/ssmcontacts_contact_channel.html.markdown

- `delivery_address` - (Required) Block that contains contact engagement details. See details below.

> - `name` - (Required) Name of the contact channel. 1-50 characters, alphanumeric, _ (underscore), - (hyphen), and spaces.

Reviewer: Similar phrasing tweaks to the other two. I also noted in the [API documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/incident-manager/latest/APIReference/API_SSMContacts_CreateContactChannel.html) that periods are accepted, and the maximum length is 255.

```suggestion
- `name` - (Required) Name of the contact channel. Must be between 1 and 255 characters, and may contain alphanumerics, underscores (`_`), hyphens (`-`), periods (`.`), and spaces.
```
